# General

These are all the general information about the generated client wrapper and what is available.

## Generated Files

The files generated by this client wrapper include models, messages, a message type map, and a WebSocket client. Below
is a description of each component:

### Models

Each schema defined under `components.schemas` in the API that is referenced by at least one other component will
generate a corresponding model interface. Schemas referenced only once are inlined directly into the relevant component
without generating a separate model file.

### Messages

Every entry under `components.messages` that is referenced by at least one channel message will generate a message
interface. These message interfaces include a `type` property, which is a template literal string used to uniquely
identify each message. The name/type of each message will be automatically suffixed with `Message`, transforming, for
example, `Example` to `ExampleMessage`.

### MessageTypeMap

This feature includes mappings for both build-time and run-time type checks:

* The `MessageTypeMap` is exported and used for build-time type checks to ensure the correct message types are used.
* A constant set named `messageTypes` is used for run-time checks to validate message types dynamically.

### Client

The client is provided as a Nuxt3 composable. It exposes mostly the same interface as `vueuse/useWebSocket` but is
enhanced to utilize the strongly typed messages generated by this wrapper. This implementation ensures that messages are
correctly typed across client interactions.
